Update v1-module-mfa-connect-to-exo-powershell.md (#9706)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/docs-conceptual/v1-module-mfa-connect-to-exo-powershell.md

# V1 module - Connect to Exchange Online PowerShell using MFA

> [!NOTE]

> **> Deprecation of MFA Module:**
> We will be removing the ability to use the “Exchange Online Remote PowerShell with MFA module” described in this article, as it is outdated and will be deprecated on 31 Dec 2022. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be removing the capability to use Exchange Online Remote PowerShell with the MFA Module described in this article, as it is outdated and will be deprecated on Dec 31, 2022. 
```

> The support for MFA will end on 31st August 2022. We have ended the support so that we can focus our investment on supporting newer technologies and modern experiences. Microsoft recommends that you move to the latest GA version of V2 Module (v2.0.5) to avoid a situation where you need service or support that is no longer available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for MFA will end on August 31, 2022, so that we can focus our efforts on supporting newer technologies and modern experiences. We recommend that you move to the latest General Availability (GA) version of Exchange Online PowerShell V2 module to avoid a situation where you need service or support that is no longer available.
```

>  
> **How do you migrate to the latest GA version of v2 Module (v2.0.5) ?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## How to Migrate to the latest GA version of Exchange Online PowerShell V2 module
```

> The requirements for installing and using the EXO V2 module are described in [Install and maintain the EXO V2 module](exchange-online-powershell-v2.md#install-and-maintain-the-exo-v2-module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirements for installing and using the EXO V2 module are described in [Install and maintain the EXO V2 module](exchange-online-powershell-v2.md#install-and-maintain-the-exo-v2-module).
```

> > The Exchange Online PowerShell V2 module (EXO V2 module) supports MFA. For instructions, see [Connect to Exchange Online PowerShell](connect-to-exchange-online-powershell.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The EXO V2 module supports MFA. For instructions, see [Connect to Exchange Online PowerShell](connect-to-exchange-online-powershell.md).
```

> > For more details on diff versions of Exchange Online Modules, please see-
> https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/understanding-the-different-versions-of-exchange-online/ba-p/3394487
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on different versions of Exchange Online Modules, see [Understanding the Different Versions of Exchange Online PowerShell Modules and Basic Auth](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/understanding-the-different-versions-of-exchange-online/ba-p/3394487).
```
